One was missing here at ours
customers so far holec / how are you
it is the first time
and how do you like it is he was very
well so you also come here so
also a small video shot to
splash song so a song to the splash
and that we go through the whole tent
That was the right money for everyone
case so the people are totally open and
funny on it and you know you can watch
move freely and he has just great
this is so what we have so so
I have presented you very relaxed
air then also borders here
the people and the blue club and that
Magdeburg Herrmann I own now so
I was so now so there are people
of course, by turning upward and
said they do not recognize me first
because these three hours then became
Let's go
january or is that me now?
otherwise I heard you had
so far already that it already seven
songs ready is a new album
I want to sit now or now so
I have 80 80 songs but I have
broadcast coming 15 because are still a
Classics and that's a very, very, very
very strong album really promise
I have a lot of effort
I continued right after
my album i have not killed me
I did not boo in the picture
or something I have right next
I practiced my floss on 1
So I just kept on rapping
and then that's through one
development sometimes because someone
already gave a lot and my manager
that's when we made the shots
who also has common active
very blatant and who was back at the start
the really as possible they have a lot
a lot of pressure and power and I hope that
we are already like me
Imagine me on that number
in the place in his place can do
in the charts just like me
imagine it has of course always
the single days that have been going on since
23 years or so but it is if you
so I have not been able to
much expected champion
I will deliver the best and then
always existed yes and with the album for
example, just because I have also aware
that it went down sharply before that
was left a few months ahead and
then I listened to how many albums
from artists and thought okay me
some more times sometimes thought that me
that is a lot more different
That was not that was not the case
So you heard with a lot of ground
and honestly said it was good and stuff
tropp course is with the German
market out but the 1 0
what it is it was what to pick so
my opinion the head where I this
Everyone has heard that I am there
there is still a lot missing in most
Albums you are listening to are already there
goes a lot more
I do not think that's easy
only at
the voice of how god made me
so white has me should he has me
I just do not know what was not one
But little child I also one is
also worked and what it is
just so that I have now
more music was made with 26 than with
and what is a mind just the
Discipline and always that dream those
In your head you have a twelve years with 12 to
and so that 26 is standing and 16
bushido see how they occurred
the second so this this sheet metal time
so for me it 's all about thought
nevertheless that I know mine and if
I now think so myself I am 19
Clock yes in one and a half hours
I am about myself on the splash
then I think I think so
nothing I just do I forget
that it was a dream it was a time
but you just have to go through it now
and he 's serious about that
discipline like a man is a job it
is my work and become discipline
and aggressiveness
that means that you just stop for example
sometimes 80 songs take on only 15 at a time
you just need to get out there and if
you have in appearance then you prepare
then you need it
but were constitutionally agreed were
If it is then for example two months
Hot again with sap for free for free
will make this factory is a rapper
the free does not bring in yet
Germany Naturstätten was nature stands
to cello from veysel the acupuncture yaman
reform everyone and I am very happy
Much on that together
stage or there is the yes exactly
or was a great interview or can you
I look at each one again
case gives you that but I apologize
me already
what is going on here each separately
or all the time together times
so let me surprise you
we did not have too much you know
on the gate itself not yet determined
not considered at all
the excuse I still do not know
nice but that's it
if such statements of rappers then
you know that it is an excuse but
In any case, I really do not know
just like the run with everything it is
but in any case, the tour is fixed
and we will be there in every city so
as it might have written it
also spontaneously do that will be cool if
yes, I also like spontaneous
thing blazer spontaneously turned and falls
at least always said huge
Specialists is super red machine is
really crude
so if you are with them and these
People are in front of you when he does
raps or if you told me that
honestly this is for me as the
Person of all that is so that's one
Barbara in any case so I drive
very and the people chilling with
and see him as he is in truth and
in real terms as he behaves and how
he gives himself then it is one
authentic person over 100 percent
In any case, it fits in the event yes
have fun my tour and see you
probably with the coach already
again and then look what songs
who has selected 80
i am yes i want america are very
many people they have two children
which in any case closes there
toxic rip cord and mtv very first
feature make all the right cars where
also confetti and you meet
maybe even assembles begs
yes tell me bat battle you try that
button
if you think mine is enough for everyone
case you come for the optics drops all
cool things with the saying that
the chad comes out anyway to
powerfully funny things and here
by hiphop.de toxic is already out
not a bit bland unikat mgmt 38
Frankfurt am Main /